hello my friends
welcome to Khmer guitar lesson number
three I got a request on how to play
with a trade I know I could out by so
tea so I'm gonna play it up to speed
first and then I'm gonna break it down
okay the first chord of the song is a
well actually it's not an a it's
actually a suspended - as you can see
here it is a a major chord all you want
to do is take the pinkie out and play it
and hold two string and that is a
suspended - and the second chord is f
sharp minor then third chord is a D
major fourth chord is B minor and the
last chord is E major
the strumming pattern or the picking
pattern is basically going that up going
down okay I'm gonna do that slow start
with a a B C sharp e f-sharp and D
so a c-sharp that's that's basically the
whole song I'm not gonna sing it because
I know you guys could do a lot better
but that's basic